Saltar al contenido principal
Inicio
About
Menu
Esta información se actualizó por última vez en 15 de diciembre de 2021.
Move to “About” page
Never mind, keep video here
What is Opportunities?
Want to learn about how the Opportunities App works or how to understand your shown sentence dates? Watch this video to find out.
Your Important Dates

These are all of the projected release dates that the Time Computation Unit has calculated for your sentence. These dates may change if you receive a disciplinary infraction and lose release credits, or if your release credits are restored. You may also see some dates appear or disappear depending on if you meet the qualifying criteria. Tap the “Learn more about …” button under any of the dates below to learn more about that release date and its criteria.

Standard Transition Program (STP)
Dentro de 5 días
21 de diciembre de 2021

Your date is coming up soon! Remaining compliant with the criteria is the best way to keep your date from changing.

Learn more about STP
Community Supervision Begin Date (CSBD)
21 de marzo de 2022Only eligible if criteria are met
(Dentro de 3 meses y 5 días)

A discretionary release up to 90 days before your ERCD. You must meet the criteria listed in ADCRR Department Order 1002. You may also hear this called a “Temporary Release” (TR) date.

Learn more about CSBD
Earned Release Credit Date (ERCD)
6 de junio de 2022
(Dentro de 5 meses y 21 días)

The earliest date you can be released based on Earned Release Credits.

Learn more about ERCD
Sentence Expiration Date (SED, “100%”, “Flat Time”)
16 de septiembre de 2022
(Dentro de 9 meses)

The full term of your prison sentence (often called “100%” or “Flat Time”). You will be released on this date if you are not eligible for earlier release types. If you have to complete Community Supervision after your prison term, you must still agree to certain conditions of supervision.

Learn more about SED
Community Supervision End Date (CSED)
16 de noviembre de 2022
(Dentro de 11 meses)

The last day that you can be under ADCRR supervision for your current sentence.

Learn more about CSED
Read into full list of release types