Skip to main content
Home
Programs
Menu
This information was last updated on December 16, 2021. It updates once per month.
Programming
Browse Available Programs

Explore available programs, filter by facility, and find ones that are interesting to you.

View full list of programs
Important dates
Release-to-supervision date
RTS
November 15, 2026

The RTS Date is a release to parole supervision without the need for a parole hearing, based upon completion credits earned through programming and education pursuant to M.G.L.c.127, §129D.

Learn more about RTS
Maximum release / wrap date
MAX
December 15, 2026
You’ve earned 63 days off your maximum release / wrap date.
Original MAX date
February 16, 2027
Total reduction
-63 days
Adjusted MAX date
December 15, 2026
Parole eligibility date
PE
Questions regarding the calculation of parole eligibility dates should be directed to the Institutional Parole Officer.
Time you’ve earned recently
0 days
10 days
20 days
30 days
40 days
50 days
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Earned Good Time
Boosts
Completion Credits
Recent monthly reports
November 2021
Earned Good Time
15 days
Boosts
0 days
Completion Credits
0 days
SOR Adult Secondary Education-Educ
Satisfactory
SOR Adult Secondary Education-Prog
Satisfactory
See November report
Total time you’ve earned
Earned Good Time + Boosts
63.5 days
Completion Credits
30 days
Learn more about earned time
Disclaimer

The information provided on this application is for general and supplemental purposes only and is not intended to be substituted for the official record of this information. While the Massachusetts Department of Correction (DOC) (in partnership with Recidiviz), strives to ensure the accuracy of this content, there is no guarantee of completeness or timeliness, and DOC is not liable for errors, omissions, delays, or interruptions in such information.

Users should always rely on the official records which DOC staff provide to you directly.  Such official records include, but are not limited, to a Deduction from Sentence (DFS) Report in accordance with 103 CMR 411 Deduction from Sentence which also states the required process and time frames for disputing this information.